(intense rock music)
All right, listen
up, you grunts!
Toman's new captain
of the third division
is sitting here right
behind me: Tetta Kisaki!
(Takemichi inhales)
-(blow thumps)
-(Kisaki grunts)
Hey, so what's goin' on here?
[All] Huh?
Looks like I nearly
missed the fun! (grunts)
(Takemichi grunting)
(Baji snickers)
Why are you here, Baji?
You've been banned from
attending our
meetings, remember?
So what, does that mean
I'm finally gonna be fired?
For ruining your
precious meeting?
[Takemichi] What the hell
is this guy talking about?
You don't want any
troublemakers, do you, Mikey?
Baji!
So your first division captain
will just go ahead and resign.
And starting right now,
Toman's former captain
becomes its enemy.
I need something.
A favor.
Uh, sure.
I want you to bring
Baji back from Valhalla.
Think you can do that?
Yeah!
If that's what you
want, Mikey, you got it!
But, uh, do you think I could
ask for one thing in return?
You've gotta kick
Kisaki out of Toman.
Fine.
We're going to end
up butting heads
with Valhalla pretty soon.
Just bring Baji
back before then.
Prove you can be even more
useful to me than Kisaki.
(Takemichi gulps)
-(traffic whooshing)
-(footsteps thumping)
(school chimes)
-(student laughs)
-(cheerful music)
(students giggling)
Hey, girls, slow down!
Oh, yeah, that's right.
I couldn't even believe it.
(Takemichi sighs)
I want you to bring
Baji back from Valhalla.
-(Takemichi gulps)
-But if you fail,
I'll kill you.
[Takemichi] (exhales)
What am I gonna do?
[Akkun] Takemichi!
Now what?
Hey, we heard the news!
So I guess you're officially
part of Toman now, huh?
Yeah, well...
Hey, what's the matter?
Why so bummed out?
Huh?
Oh!
Ah, it's nothing. (chuckles)
I'm not really sure
how it happened.
It's kinda weird.
Hey, tell us all about it!
[Takemichi] Ah, I can't
even look Akkun in the eye!
I can't believe our
Crybaby is in Toman.
Man, if you're in, then
I wanna join up, too.
(sighs) Yeah, well,
it's really not as great
as you guys are thinking.
[All] Huh?
Hmm.
-(vocalist singing in Japanese)
-(opening theme music)
I get it.
So if you don't get former
first division captain Baji
to switch from
Valhalla back to Toman,
then Mikey told you
he's gonna kill you.
[Takemichi] Yeah.
And I only have until
Toman's showdown
with Valhalla starts to do it.
And who the hell even knows
when that might happen?
If it's today-
(gasps) Then I guess
this is goodbye.
But we'll all mourn for you.
Not to mention,
I have no way of knowing
what's going on
internally with Toman.
And I barely even know
what this Valhalla gang is.
Hey, Gang-o-pedia.
Huh?
Okay, I'll explain.
I'll try to use small words.
-(chalk scratching)
-(mysterious music)
The Tokyo Mangi Gang,
or just Toman for short.
The commander, of
course, is Mikey,
and the vice
commander is Draken.
Under them are five divisions
with about 20 members
in each division,
which makes Toman
a huge biker gang
with about 100 active members.
Everyone following
all this so far?
Whoa, I had no idea.
Are you kidding me?
And you call yourself
a delinquent?!
[Takemichi] Sorry.
You'd better start
taking some notes.
This is all gonna
be on the test.
-(boys snickering)
-Huh?
You three, quit goofing off!
[Takuya] (snickers) Talk
about overplaying the part.
[Kazushi] From what
I had heard recently,
the former third
division captain, Pah,
was arrested by the police,
and so his former
vice captain, Peh,
was moved to the
second division.
Huh?
I didn't know that!
So they put Peh in the
division under Mitsuya?
[Kazushi] Yes.
[Takemichi] That means I'm in
the same division with Peh!
That guy's had it in
for me from the start!
Takemitchy!
[Takemichi] Even
his voice is scary.
And the one who took his place
as third division captain?
(grunts) Kisaki.
That's right.
Former leader of Moebius.
Moebius was a fractured entity
right from the start
of its existence.
One half was born in
1988 and led by Osanai
and the other in 1990 by Kisaki,
and they were always
butting heads.
[Atsushi] Hmm.
So even though they
were all one gang,
there was a lot of
internal conflict.
After Osanai got
beaten by Mikey,
Moebius was basically disbanded.
And then the 1990 group
led by Kisaki joined Toman,
which resulted in
Toman growing instantly
from 100 members to 150.
It also meant that within Toman,
Kisaki's third division
ended up way bigger
than any other division.
Kisaki's bad news,
but he's strong.
And in the future, we'll
need that strength.
(Takemichi huffs)
[Takuya] Then what happened
to the Moebius members
that were followers of Osanai?
The remaining members
from the '88 and '90 gangs
joined together under a
different leader: Shuji Hanma.
Him?!
(gasps) That's right.
At the battle on August 3rd,
he said he was just the
temporary commander.
So then Hanma took those
remaining Moebius members
and joined them with all
the anti-Toman forces
to create Valhalla.
Valhalla's sitting at about
300 members right now.
You've gotta be kidding me!
That freak is
commanding 300 men?
(tuts) He's the acting
commander, remember.
No one knows yet who
the real commander is.
The commander has no face.
That's why they call Valhalla
The Headless Angel.
[Takemichi] So that's
the gang Baji's with now.
I guess I'm gonna have to
meet with him in person
and then try to convince
him to come back to Toman.
But how?
-Hey, there.
-Huh?
[Kazutora] I'm looking
for a second-year kid
named Hanagaki.
-Uh...
-He's in Class 3.
Ah, cool.
Okay, thank you.
(both sigh)
Since when is there a guy
that hot at our school?
With shoes like those,
he must be a third-year.
The former Moebius
members are led
by Valhalla's Number
Two, Shuji Hanma,
while the other
anti-Toman forces
gather under the leadership
-(chalk scratching)
-(Takemichi sighs)
of their Number Three,
Kazutora Hanemiya.
(door rattles)
Huh?
[Both] Huh?
Hi, there.
Did I get here late?
Are classes over already?
[Makoto] Who the hell are you?
I've never seen you
around here before.
Well, that's not a very
polite thing to say!
No respect for an
upperclassman, I guess.
Huh? What are you talking about?
I've never seen you before.
Uh, uh, uh-oh.
Uh.
Watch what the hell
you're saying, Makoto!
He's got a tiger
tattoo on his neck!
Oh, yeah? So what?
Anyway, do you guys
know Takemichi Hanagaki?
Oh, my God!
Takemichi!
It's him!
Huh?
Takemichi?
You guys, it's really him!
Valhalla's Number Three!
-Kazutora Hanemiya!
-(tense music)
(all gasp)
(laughs) Hey, awesome!
I found you!
I can't believe there's
a kid at my school
who belongs to Toman.
-'Kay, now, Takemichi-
-Huh?
I'm taking you to
Valhalla's base.
Huh? What?!
Boys! I found Takemichi!
Huh?
-So this is him?
-Yup.
[Takemichi] Um, are
these guys with you?
Yep.
These two are my most
trusted lieutenants.
[Takemichi] Uh, but
what happened to them?
They're both walking
with crutches.
Oh, I broke their
legs yesterday.
Huh?
Why would you break the legs
of your own most-trusted guys?
[Kazutora] Hmm.
You got a problem with
what the boss does?
-Uh, no.
-Good.
[Takemichi] How can these
two be so calm and obedient
when he's literally just
broken both their legs?
And how could he do that?
He must be insane!
Hey, hurry up there, Takemichi!
[Takemichi] I can't
believe I'm with Kazutora,
Valhalla's Number Three!
If I go with this guy, I could
end up in serious trouble.
I'd be going straight
to the enemy's base.
I can introduce you to everyone.
You got nothing to worry about.
[Takemichi] Everyone?
Wait, then this could
be the chance I needed
to talk to Baji.
But still, this is
some scary shit.
(Takemichi exhales)
(students chattering)
Wow, I'm so glad school's
finally over today.
-Aren't you?
-Yeah, totally!
Where do you feel
-like going today?
-Uh, how about
-that new ice cream place?
-Hina.
-I really wanna try it!
-Yeah, that's a great idea!
I swore to you back then
that I'd do anything
to protect you.
So Valhalla's base? Ha!
Bring it on.
Mikey promised me.
If I can just get Baji
to come back to Toman,
then he'll get rid of Kisaki.
And if Kisaki's out of Toman,
then the future will change.
I am not gonna let that
future happen again.
Just watch!
You'll see, Hina!
Hmm.
(all exhale)
(pedestrians chattering)
[Delinquent] Who gave you
permission to breathe,
you little piece of shit?
Hey, uh, Hanemiya, sir?
Hmm?
Just call me Kazutora.
Okay, well, um,
at our school, you're a
third-year now, right?
[Kazutora] Yes.
It just seems like it would
be a lot more widely known
that our school had a
student as famous as you.
[Kazutora] Well, I
only went to school
the first term of
my first year there.
Huh?
After that, I was in juvie.
Huh?!
(Kazutora chuckles)
You got arrested?
What was that all about?
That was because of him.
We're almost to our
headquarters now.
[Takemichi] Him?
Who's he talking about?
Well, first, I need to
worry about getting Baji out
without all of
Valhalla noticing.
Hmm?
Huh? This is it?
-Yup.
-An arcade?
It went out of
business years ago.
(gasps) The Headless Angel!
(doors thud)
(members chattering)
They've definitely got a
different vibe than Toman.
(ominous music)
-(someone grunting)
-(something thumping)
(Takemichi gasps)
-(punches thumping)
-(victim gurgling)
(gasps) That's Baji!
Whoa, Kazutora!
What the hell's going on here?
What is this?
What's it look like?
A test of faith.
What for?
To test Baji's
commitment to Valhalla.
Going from Toman to us is
like changing religions.
You have to prove to
us you really mean it.
The guy Baji's
beating on right now
is Toman's first
division vice captain.
He was Baji's most
trusted lieutenant.
The first division's
vice captain?!
Toman is Valhalla's enemy.
If he's going to betray
his former god Mikey,
he's gotta stomp
out his old beliefs.
-(Baji panting)
-(foreboding music)
(exhales) Well, then, was
that good enough for you?
What do you say?
Am I in Valhalla now,
Hanma?
(Hanma chuckles)
That was some brutal shit, dude.
That guy's been by your
side, like, forever.
Yeah, I'm surprised
you took it that far.
(member exhales)
Shut up.
I don't care about
your opinions.
Kazutora!
Hey, boss.
You all set now?
Yeah!
Let me present
Takemichi Hanagaki.
He's the newest member of Toman.
[Takemichi] Huh?!
Oh, no!
Don't tell me the next test
of faith victim is...?!
So, you're Hanagaki?
Step forward.
-Go!
-(Takemichi grunts)
(Takemichi gasps)
You again. Dumbass.
Did you come here to get killed?
[Member] Kill him!
[Members] Kill him!
Kill him!
[Takemichi] I came
here to take Baji back,
but now Baji's gonna kill me!
[Members] Kill him!
Kill him!
[Hanma] One of Toman's
founding members
and its first division
captain, Keisuke Baji!
He now says he wants
to leave Toman behind
and join Valhalla.
-Toman's fishy to me.
-(members murmuring)
Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
A good thing, duh.
Sounds too good
to be true to me.
For those of you wondering,
the fact is, this is
one hell of a deal.
Having Baji here
will be a huge help
in our plan to
finally crush Toman.
But for right now,
there's still one thing
that we need to be
absolutely sure of.
Because for all we know, he
might just be a Toman spy!
Which is why we took
the extra precaution
of having Kazutora
bring us a witness.
(Takemichi gasps)
This court will now summon
the witness to testify!
Takemichi Hanagaki.
Uh, uh, yes?
Will you tell this
court exactly what words
you heard Baji here say
at the last Toman meeting?
Well, he,
he said that he quit and
that from that day on,
Toman would be his enemy.
And Kazutora, what do you think?
We did a test of faith
and we heard a witness.
So I think that's good enough.
Baji could be very useful to us.
He knows what's new with
Toman since I've been gone.
He's definitely worth
having in Valhalla.
[Hanma] Hmm.
So are you sure, Baji?
Because we're going
to crush Toman,
and in the process, of course,
Mikey's going to die.
(gasps) Huh?
[Baji] Yeah.
I'll help you do that, Kazutora.
(Takemichi gasps)
Well, then, I
think it's decided.
Hmm.
Yeah!
Then from this day on,
Keisuke Baji is officially
a member of Valhalla!
(members cheering)
(Hanma giggles)
No way!
If this happens,
I don't have a chance of
bringing Baji back to Toman.
Hold on just a second!
Baji!
You're one of the
founding members of Toman,
along with Mikey,
isn't that right?
Why are you betraying them?
What's being a founder
have to do with anything?
Anyone can change sides.
(scoffs) You know
nothing about it.
If you did, you'd know he's
a founding member, too.
(Kazutora chuckles)
(Takemichi gasps)
[Takemichi] The sixth
guy in that photo I saw.
It was Kazutora!
[Baji] Kazutora has an
old grudge against Toman.
I'll never forget it.
The summer of 2003,
when I was a first-year
in middle school,
we were running wild.
It was the middle of summer,
but it was a
slightly chilly day.
[Kazutora] So Mikey asked
to see you too, huh?
Yeah.
The usual place, right?
Hand over your money, you twerp!
I swear I don't have any more!
-(blow thumps)
-(kid whimpers)
-Whoa!
-Huh?
Hey, sorry we're late!
Baji decided to
beat up some punks.
Hey, wait!
Don't blame the
whole thing on me!
[Pah] Whoa, this is
so freaking cool!
Uh, what's that?
Look, the Toman jackets
are finally here, you guys!
[Kazutora] Whoa!
That is awesome!
[Pah] Right?!
The lettering is fantastic!
Don't you love it, Mitsuya?
Yeah, but it's no thanks to you.
Not after you left all
of the hard work for me.
All right!
Now, let's hurry
up and get changed
so we can go take some pictures.
Yo, right, Mikey?
(Mikey slurping)
[Mikey] Hmm?
[Draken] What?! You bastard!
Why the hell are you eating
all of my chocolate parfait?!
[Mikey] Oh.
Yeah, sorry about that.
[Draken] I said you
could have one bite!
[Mitsuya] So just
order another one.
[Draken] (growls)
That's not the point!
[Kazutora] What is
the point, then?
[Draken] I wanted to eat
this chocolate parfait!
[Pah] Oh.
[Draken] What?!
[Baji] God, why are
you always like that?
[Draken] What? Ugh!
Get your asses outside.
[Mikey] Hey, thanks
for the grub!
(boys laughing)
[Draken] Ugh, whatever.
(pedestrians chattering)
[Mikey] Hey!
I, I'm gonna take the picture.
[Draken] Don't talk, just do it!
[Picture Taker] Okay, everyone.
Say cheese.
(camera clicks)
[Baji] No one could've imagined
what would happen next,
not even in their
wildest dreams.
(closing theme music)
(vocalist singing in Japanese)